      Radiation Eﬀects and Defects in Solids




      ISSN: 1042-0150 (Print) 1029-4953 (Online) Journal homepage: www.tandfonline.com/journals/grad20




Fluorine generation by gamma radiolysis of a
ﬂuoride salt mixture

L. M. Toth & L. K. Felker

To cite this article: L. M. Toth & L. K. Felker (1990) Fluorine generation by gamma radiolysis
of a ﬂuoride salt mixture, Radiation Eﬀects and Defects in Solids, 112:4, 201-210, DOI:
10.1080/10420159008213046

To link to this article: https://doi.org/10.1080/10420159008213046




       Published online: 13 Sep 2006.



       Submit your article to this journal



       Article views: 148



       View related articles



       Citing articles: 2 View citing articles




                      Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at
             https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=grad20
Kudiution EfJPcaond1)efects inSoiids, l990,Vol. 112, pp. 2(11-210         0 1990 Gordon and Breach, Science Puhlishers, Inc.
Reprints available directly from the publisher                                                     Printed in Great Britain
Photocopying permitted by license only




       FLUORINE GENERATION BY GAMMA
    RADIOLYSIS OF A FLUORIDE SALT MIXTURE
                                       L. M. TOTH and L. K. FELKER
  Chemical Technology Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, I? 0. Box 2008,
                      Oak Ridge, Tennessee 3783I-6268

                                 (Received July 3, 1989; in final form August 11, 1989)

Fluoride salt mixtures of composition, LiF-BeF,-ZrF,-UF, (64.5,30.3,5.0,0.13 mol%) were irradiated
using 1O7-1OX R/h gamma radiation to achieve high doses. Under these conditions, F2 is released from the
salt and accumulates as an F, overpressure until a 2 mol% damage limit in the crystal is reached. At this
point, the rate of F, generation is equivalent to the rate of recombination with active metal sites
accompanying the radiolytic damage in the salt. The activation energy for the rate of recombination has
been found to he 39 kJ/mol; and for the conditions of irradiation used here, no F2 should he released
above 150°C.


1 INTRODUCTION

Much interest has been directed in the past to the radiolysis of halide salts, but
most of this attention has been focused on the nature of the defect sites produced
in the crystal           The radiolysis has been extended to the point where micro
bubbles of the halogen gas were observed within the lattice under some conditions
of radiation exposure:.3 and the concern again centered on the nature of the
crystalline material as a result of the radiolysis. These generation reactions can be
simply expressed as:

LiF+ hv- Li' + F',                                                                                                      (1)

F' + F'- F,,                                                                                                            (2)
where hv is the gamma photon in this case, Li' is a metal site accompanying the
generation of F' atoms. Although recombination of Li' and F' to form LiF is
possible, some F' atoms can diffuse and combine via Eq. (2) to form the diatomic
halogen gas [other metal fluorides present in the salt mixture are expected to
behave similarly to LiF as in Eq. (l)].As the halogen gas either accumulates within
the lattice or escapes to the confinement of a containment vessel, active metal sites
accumulate to the point that the back reaction? of F' or F2 with the metal site is
equivalent to that of the generation steps of Eqs. (1)and (2). At this point, no
further radiation damage (as noted by chemical products) is apparent.
  In spite of all this interest in the behavior of the solid state materials during
radiolysis, there is little information regarding the extent of the radiolytic damage
under extreme conditions: namely, the amount of gaseous products produced and
the extent to which any limits of crystal damage are reached for given amounts of
radiation.

   tThese hack reaction mechanisms shall he referred to, collectively, as the fluorine recombination
reaction with the salt.

                                                                    201
202                        L. M. TOTH AND L. K. FELKER

   More recently, some concern has been expressedh regarding the long-term
storage of fluoride salts contaminated with radioactivity, since these materials
might, through radiolysis, generate enough gas pressure to compromise the
containment system. Of particular interest, is the frozen fuel salt from the Molten
Salt Reactor Experiment (MSRE). The composition7 of this salt was originally
LiF-BeF,-ZrF,-UF,        (64.5, 30.3, 5.0, 0.13 mol%); but after being used as the
MSRE fuel, it now has considerable amounts of other actinides and fission
products which can cause radiolysis of the salt and accompanying release of F, gas.
   Previous investigators' sought to determine the amount of F2 released upon
radiolysis in the MSRE fuel salt. It was shown that F2 is generated below 150°C;
but, at that temperature, the rate of F2 recombination with the active metal sites left
in the crystal lattice became equivalent to its rate of generation so that no release of
F2from the salt mixture was observed. (Net radiolysis of the fuel salt during reactor
operations never occurred because the temperature of operation was 2 5 50°C and
the recombination rate vastly exceeded the F, generation rate.) However, these
investigations never explored the question of a limit to the amount of fluorine that
would be released under extended conditions since concerns for the long-term
storage of the fuel salts had not yet developed.
   The current study attempted to address the questions related to long-term
storage and sought to determine, at least in a qualitative manner, if there was a limit
to the amount of radiation damage that would be sustained for a given dose.
Admittedly, the practical concern in a long-term storage facility is the effect of a
large dose extended over a very long period of time, i.e., at a relatively low dose
rate. Nevertheless, to achieve any information in a practical period of time, it was
necessary to compress the time scale and increase the dose rate. For this reason, we
sought a very high dose source in order to answer the question of limiting pressures
of F, generated. Before this work could be completed, the sourcey was shut down
for an indefinite period of time leaving the data at a state where more experiments
were clearly desirable. Because these data are unique, we believe their presentation
at this stage is warranted.



2 EXPERIMENTAL PROCEDURE

2.1 Materials
The lithium fluoride used in this series of experiments was obtained from Harshaw
Chemical Company as single crystal fragments. The zirconium fluoride and
uranium fluoride were from Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) stock
material remaining from the MSRE program. The beryllium fluoride, hydrogen
fluoride, and fluorine were obtained from Alfa Products, Linde Specialty Gases,
and Air Products, respectively. The graphite used in this work was POCO EDM-3.
   All materials of construction were resistant to attack by both hydrogen fluoride
and fluorine. Nickel vessels and tubing and monel valves, fittings, and gauges were
used where possible. A gas manifold was constructed of resistant materials for use
in handling corrosive and toxic gases during sample preparation.
   A controlled atmosphere glove box was used for storage and handling of salt
mixtures. A helium atmosphere was circulated through molecular sieves (13X
Linde) to maintain a moisture content of < 10 ppm in the glove box.
                   GAMMA RADIOLYSIS OF A F, SALT MIXTURE                         203

2.2 Methods
2.2.1 Fluoride salt preparation Two fluoride salt mixtures (200g each) were
prepared for irradiation. Their composition was identical to that of the MSRE fuel
salt mixture7 either with or without the uranium fluoride component. The first
mixture contained lithium fluoride, beryllium fluoride, and zirconium fluoride
(64.6, 30.4, 5.0 mol%); the second contained lithium fluoride, beryllium fluoride,
zirconium fluoride, and uranium fluoride (64.5, 30.3, 5.0, 0.13 molo/o). Each
mixture was weighed into a graphite tube (4.5 cm diam X 15 cm) and loaded into a
flanged nickel vessel in a vertical tube furnace.
   A Ti-sponge-purified (at 600°C) helium purge was used to sweep the vessel and
associated lines while the furnace temperature was increased to 550”C, thus
melting the mixture. This is approximately 100°C above the liquidus point of the
salt mixture.’ A graphite dip leg was inserted into the melt and hydrogen fluoride
was added to the helium carrier and bubbled (or “sparged”)through the molten salt
mixture.
   This hydrofluorination process removed traces of moisture and converted any
oxide to fluoride. The graphite components were used in contact with the fluoride
melt to prevent corrosion and dissolution of the metal pot into the fluoride salt
melt. The hydrogen fluoride flow rate was determined by titration of the exit gas
with standardized NaOH solution. The first salt mixture was hydrofluorinated for
8 h with an average flow rate of 32 mVmin hydrogen fluoride. The second salt
                                   -
mixture was hydrofluorinated for 20 h with an average hydrogen fluoride rate of
30 mL‘min. Since the appearance of the first sample indicated that some oxide may
still be present after hydrofluorination, the time of hydrofluorination was increased
for the second sample. (Previous experience has established that this amount of
sparging is ordinarily effective in reducing the oxide content of the salt to
 <1 PP4.
   After hydrofluorination, both salt mixtures were sparged with helium (while still
molten) to free the salt of dissolved €-IFand were then allowed to solidify. The
entire vessel assembly was put into the controlled atmosphere glove box where the
solidified salt plugs were removed, scraped of surface graphite film that migrates to
the salt interface and stored for irradiation. It is important to remove all graphite
from the salt in order to be certain that no graphite/fluorine reactions occur unless
intended.
2.2.2 Fluoride salt irradiations The pulverized fluoride salts were irradiated at
the High Flux Isotope Reactor (€€FIR) at ORNL. The spent fuel elements which
are stored in the reactor pool contain a sufficient gamma flux for irradiation of the
salt samples in a reasonable time period. The gamma flux of the elements varies in
the range of 1.0 x lo8 to < 1.0 X lo7R/h (depending on the age of the element) and
has a reasonably uniform intensity profile within the middle 50cm of the fuel
element length.’O The storage racks for the elements contain a lOcm cadmium
sleeve through the center hole of each element to act as a neutron absorber. One
concern with using the spent fuel elements was that the heat generated by
absorption of radiation from the gamma source might produce too high a
temperature in the sample. Prior to the irradiation experiments, a lead weight with
two thermocouples embedded was used to measure the temperature of a spent fuel
element over a 15 day period beginning with a 3-day-old spent fuel element. The
temperature due to gamma heating dropped from 58 to 41°C over this period but
appeared to level somewhat after 15 days in the range 41 to 38°C. The spent fuel
204                          L. M. TOTH AND L. K. FELKER

elements were generally used within this 45-day period after being removed from
the reactor, and the temperatures in this range were judged to be acceptable.
   A nickel vessel with a conflat flange top and soft-copper gasket seal was
fabricated for use as an irradiation vessel (Figure 1). The vessel, associated tubing,
and gauge were passivated with fluorine prior to loading with a fluoride salt
mixture to prevent reaction of the fluorine liberated during the actual irradiation
experiments with these components. The loaded vessel was lowered into the center
of a HFR spent fuel element for irradiation. A 3.2 mm nickel tube and
                                                                  -
thermocouple wire extended to the top of the pool ( 6 m) to an appropriate
pressure gauge and temperature indicator. The reactor pool water which circulated
around the vessel provided sufficient cooling during the course of the irradiation.
Pressure and temperature readings were recorded on a daily basis over the period
of the irradiation.




FIGURE 1 HFIR irradiation vessel with pressure gauge for irradiation of MSR salts. The connecting
1/8 inch nickel tube was replaced with one which was actually 20 A long.



   No direct analysis of the gas space was performed due to the limited nature of
t h s work. However, previous workRhas already established the identity of the gas
evolved from the fluoride salt and our observations, upon venting the overpressure
(cloudy, hydrolyzing gas emanating with the sharp, pungent odor of F2), were
consistent with what the previous researchers have reported.
   The volume of the empty vessel was 40.0 cm3 and was loaded with 30 g salt
(12.3 cm3, since the salt density is 2.43 g/cm3) which yielded a net gas volume of
27.7 cm3 in the vessel. This gas volume, coupled to that of the connecting tube and
gauge (47.7 cm3), gave a total gas volume of 75.4 cm3. The gas/salt volume ratio
was therefore: 75.4h2.3 = 6.1.
   In order to examine the effect of temperature on the salt irradiation, a “dry tube”
                                      -
was used which consisted of an 10 cm diam stainless steel tube which extended
from the top of the reactor pool to the center of a spent fuel element. The
temperature in this tube was typically at 70°C (due to the absence of the cooling
influence of the HFIR pool water). With this arrangement the nickel vessel
containing the salt was lowered into the tube and center of a spent fuel element.
                     GAMMA RADIOLYSIS OF A F, SALT MIXTURE                                   205

  A second (and more satisfactory approach) was later developed in order to
permit controlled heating of the nickel vessel. A nickel can was fabricated to
enclose the sample vessel in a water-tight environment and thus permit the latter to
be resistively heated in a dry atmosphere. This was accomplished by sealing the
sample vessel inside the nickel can by soft soldering the lid and tubing lead-
throughs (Figure 2). The electrical connections for the heating tape extended
through a 6.4-mm tube to the top of the pool where a variac was used as a
controller.

                                      120v
                                      AC




                            . -
                           TUBE                               TOP SOFT-SOLDERED
                                                              TO CONTAINER AND




                                                               in.
                INNER VESSEL
                WRAPPED WITH
                HEATING TAPE      -
                vom SPACE
                FILLED WITH
                FIBERFRAX --.-




FIGURE 2 Schematic of nickel irradiation vessel in sealed, insulating container which was used for
maintaining vessel at elevated temperatures.


3 RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
3.1 Fluorine Generation
As stated previously, in order to reach a steady-state condition with respect to
radiolytic fluorine generation (i.e., one in which the generation rate was equivalent
to the recombination with active sites in the salt), it would be necessary to have a
very intense source of radiation. The previous study* using h°Co gamma radiation
206                        L. M. TOTH AND L. K. FELKER

at a dose rate of 0.45 x lo2"eV/h/g in a 35 g salt sample was achieved with a
gamma flux rate of 0.72 MWh. However, the experiments never reached a limiting
fluorine pressure. Therefore, the HFIR' spent fuel elements, with a gamma flux of
 10 to 100 times the above intensity, were considered essential in order to achieve
the desired limits. Nevertheless, during the early stages of this work, an experiment
on the local 6oCoirradiator" was performed-mainly to insure that calculated rates
were correct and controlled experiments were possible in both the irradiator and,
especially, in the HFW spent fuel element. The experiment in the "CO irradiator
showed little, if any, fluorine pressure increase over a one week period when
                                    -
exposed to a gamma flux rate of 0.6 M U . Therefore, the much higher fluxes
expected in the HFIR fuel element would not produce disastrous effects.
   Several irradiation experiments in HFIR fuel elements were performed at
approximately 40°C. The first of these involved 30 g of MSR composition salt in
the nickel irradiation vessel. An induction period of about 6 days was observed
where there was a slight decrease in the total pressure in the vessel followed by a
slow increase in the pressure [0.65 Wa/d (0.09 psig/d) to a limit of 12.4 kPa
(1.8 psig)] that continued for 18 days following the induction period. Because a
higher rate of fluorine generation was expected (by extrapolating that previously
reported8 for the fluxes in the 6oCoirradiator to values as found in the HFIR spent
fuel elements), the experiment was terminated to examine the contents for any
problems. None were found.
   A second experiment was begun to repeat the first one with more thorough
fluorine passivation of the container, since it was suspected that the slight drop in
pressure during the induction period might be due to further passivation of the
container in the radiation field. The results of this experiment are shown in two
figures (Figures 3 and 4)which present the data in terms of fluorine pressure as a
function of days in the spent fuel element. The first of these figures, Figure 3, shows
the fluorine pressure as it was actually measured with a 205 kPa (15 psig) pressure
gauge. When the fluorine pressure reached the 205 kPa limit, it was bled off to
-  136 kPa ( 5 psig) and allowed to accumulate again. In this manner, the sawtooth
appearance of the pressure/time plot was produced. The pressure continued to
                                                                 -
build up at a steady rate of 0.19 kPa/h (0.028 psi/h) until after 100 day, it leveled
off.
   The same data are presented in Figure 4, but this time the net pressure as a
function of time was plotted. In this figure, it is more obvious how the fluorine
generation progressed without the necessary bleed-off operation. A rather constant
rate of generation up to 446 kPa (50 psig) limiting pressure was observed. It is
apparent that the bleed-off procedure had little effect on the rate of generation or
the limiting value of 446 kPa, since the rate did not measurably change as a result
of bleed-off. Furthermore, it has been suggested5 that these factors are more
controlled by the concentration of defects within the salt lattice itself than by
conditions external to the crystal lattice. Therefore, it is not expected that the
changes in the F2 pressure over the crystal should have any measurable effect on
the rate of fluorine generation. Instead, the F2 generation and recombination rate
should be controlled by the concentration of defect sites in the crystal lattice with
which the halogen can combine.
   The gamma flux for the particular fuel element is given in Figure 4 to
demonstrate the effect of flux on the rate of fluorine generation. As shown by the
discontinuities in this flux curve, several fuel elements were used for the irradiation
in an effort to maintain the maximum possible flux. The gamma flux of the spent
fuel elements was recently reported.1° Even though there was a noticeable change
                           GAMMA RADIOLYSIS OF A F, SALT MIXTURE                                              207

                                 FLUORIDE SALT IRRADIATION




         3-                          HFIR Spent Fuel Gamma Source                            - 120
                                               MSR2- 1

                   I         1       1          1       I     I       I         I       I    7    100




FIGURE 3 Fluorine pressure rise over irradiated MSR salt as a function of exposure time in the HFIR
fuel element.



                           IRRADIATION OF FLUORIDE SALT

        500                      1       I          I   I                                        300
                       I                                      I       I     I       I
                                                                                                 275
        450
                                                                                                 250

        400                                                                                      225
                                                                                                        n
                                                                                                        c
                                                                                                 200    2
                                                                                                        -
   n

   p"   350                                                                                             I
   Y
   Y
                                                                                                 175
                                                                                                        X
   5    300                                                                                      150    2U
   v)
   v)                                                                                            125    2
        250                                                                                             H
   a                                                                                              100 <
                                                                                                        c!l
        200                                                                                       75

                                                                                                  50
        150
                                                                                                  25

        100                                                                                       0
              0              20                 40           60            80               100
                                             IRRADIATION TIME ( d )



FIGURE 4 Net fluorine pressure accumulated over the irradiated MSR fuel salt and gamma flux rate
as a function of time in the fuel elements. The latter shows the effect of four different fuel elements used
during the irradiation period.
208                       L. M. TOTH AND L. K. FELKER

in the generation rate when the more intense source was used (cf., 70 days' time in
Figure 3), it is not a linear relationship, thus confirming the earlier observations
that the rate was not 10 to 100 times greater in the HFIR fuel element than in the
6oCosource even though the fluxes varied by that amount. Furthermore, the rate of
pressure buildup at 100 days had decreased relative to the rates just prior to the
other fuel element changes (cf., growth rates at 20 and 43 days with that at 100
days),thus demonstrating that a limiting pressure had been reached.
   The damage to the crystal lattice was computed by dividing the total moles of
fluorine appearing in the sample gas space, 75 cm3, by the total moles of fluorine
available from the 30 g of salt. The limiting value of approximately 2% damage is
consistent with that which has been reported' for other halide salts using high doses
of neutron irradiation; but it is 100 times greater than the point defect saturation
level using gamma rays of lower intensity or 400 keV electrons.* This steady-state
limit represents the point where the number of defect centers (containing active
metals such as Li or Be) are so great that the rate of molecular or atomic fluorine
recombination with them is equal to the rate of fluorine atom generation from
gamma radiolysis of the fluoride salt. Therefore, in the higher radiation field, such
as the HFIR spent fuel elements where the rate of F2 generation is much faster, the
total amount of radiation damage at steady state should be correspondingly greater.
   The 446 kPa pressure limit is also dependent on the volume of the gas space
above the irradiated salt because of simple equilibrium expressions. If the volume
over the salt had been larger, then the limiting pressure would have been smaller.
Conversely, fluorine pressures as high as 50 atmospheres (5.05 m a ) have been
reported* when the gas/salt volume ratio was extremely small. In addition to these
volume ratio effects, the determining factor on the limiting fluorine pressure
appears to be most dependent on the concentration of defect sites produced. When
the defect sites reach approximately 2% of the salt content for the radiation flux
used here, no more generation and release of fluorine should occur.
   Attempts to reproduce these data were only partially successful. It was
impossible to leave the irradiation vessel undisturbed during the long 100 day term
of an experiment because necessary changes in the spent fuel elements must be
made. As a consequence of the handling, leaks frequently appeared in the system
and compromised the validity of the results. The final attempt to measure the
limiting fluorine pressure was interrupted (because of a reactor shutdown and
resulting disruption in the supply of spent fuel elements) after the fluorine pressure
had reached 8 psig (156 kPa).
   Similar irradiations of fluoride salt samples at higher temperatures-namely in
the 70 to 100°Crange were conducted. No accumulation of F2 over the salt at these
temperatures was ever observed. Even though the F2 recombination rate is
expected to equal that of the generation at 150"C,*these results indicate that the
recombination rate had approached that of generation at the lower temperatures.
Nevertheless, these experiments at higher temperatures should be repeated before
a definite statement regarding temperature effect can be made.

3.2 Recombination Studies
After the fluorine pressure reached the limiting value in the above experiment, the
recombination characteristics of the fluorine with the salt were studied. The sample
pot and associated tubing and gauge was removed from the fuel element radiation
source and heated for a period of time at increasing temperatures while monitoring
the fluorine pressure. These results are shown in Figure 5 for data taken at 100,
                        GAMMA RADIOLYSIS OF A F, SALT MIXTURE                                 200

150 and 200°C. An activation energy of 39 kJ/mol for recombination was
computed from the slope of the line, which is slightly less than half the value
calculated from Haubenreich's report.12 However, the significant difference
between our experiment and those discussed by Haubenreich was in the form of
the salt from which fluorine evolution and recombination were measured. Our
experiment used a pulverized salt sample (to minimize fluorine diffusion within the
salt) whereas Haubenreich reports on the fluorine evolution from a single piece of
solidified salt (of comparable size to our sample). Consequently, the difference in
the activation energies most probably reflects the diffusion characteristics of
fluorine within the salt lattice; and then, in a practical sense, these two extremes in
the activation energy reflect the range that would be expected for fluorine
recombination, depending upon the physical conditions of the salt. Even though a
finite rate of recombination at 40°C should exist, a value of only 3.8 P a h was
calculated from the least squares fit of the data. These data further predict that the
temperature at which generation would equal recombination is 150°C-a value
which was suggested in the earlier MSR experiments?


                                   FLUORINE-SALT RECOMBINATION
             -1.0        I
                               I      1
                                               I        1        I
                                          Heating of MSRP-1 Sample
                                                                     -
             -2.0
        -.
        c
        'aD -3.0
        Y

        W
         a

        I-
                                   \                 In RATE = -4693(1IT) t 7.4858



        2 -4.0
        -C




             - 5.0



             -6.0  :
               0.0020
                        ,      ,
                             0.0022         0.0024             0.0026   0.0028       0.0030
                                                     1IT (K)


FIGURE 5 Rate of fluorine recombination with fuel salt as a function of temperature during the
recombination tests.



4 CONCLUSIONS

It has been shown that when fluoride salts are exposed to large doses of gamma
radiation fluorine gas is liberated from the crystalline lattice and appears as a gas
overpressure. The maximum limit of damage to the crystalline material is 2 mol%,
as determined by the amount of fluorine gas released. At that point, the rate of F2
recombination with active metal centers is equal to the rate of F2 generation. The F,
overpressure will react with the active sites in the crystalline salt if the temperature
of the system is elevated to temperatures of 100 to 300°C. But measuring the
activation energy of the recombination reaction, it is evident that the rate of
210                            L. M. TOTH AND L. K. FELKER

recombination should equal the rate of generation at 150°Cunder these conditions
of irradiation. If the dose rate were lower, as in earlier work, this temperature
would be expected to be much lower.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Research sponsored by the Office of Remedial Action and Waste Technology, U.S. Department of
Energy under contract DE-AC05-840R21400 with Martin Marietta Energy Systems,Inc.


REFERENCES

 1. C. D. Knutson, H. 0.Hooper, and P. J. Bray, J. Phys. Chem. Solids, 27,147 (1966).
 2. L. W. Hobbs, A. E. Hughes, and D. holey, Proc. R. SOC.Lond A. 332,167 (1973).
 3. N. A. Tsal‘, Yu. V. Karavan, R. I. Didyk, and 0.P. Dragan, Sov. Phys, Dokl, 19 (1 I), 793 (1975).
 4. N. Itoh, Journalde Physique, 37, C7 (1976).
 5. K. K. Shvarts and Y. A. Ekmanis, “Radiation and Photostimulated Processes in Inorganic
    Materials”, in “Defects in Insulating Crystals,” Proc. of the International Conf, V. M. ’kchkevich
    and K. K. Shvarts (Riga,May 18-23,1981), pp. 363-391.
 6. K. J. Notz, Extended Storage-in-Place of MSRE Fuel Salt and Flush Salt, ORNYTM-9756, Oak
    Ridge National Laboratory, Sept., 1985.
 7. W. R. Grimes, Chemical Research and Developmentfor Molten Salt Breeder Reactors, ORNWTM-
    1853, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, June 1967.
 8. H. C. Savage, E. L. Compere, and J. M. Baker, Fluorine Evolution from Solid Fluorides Under
    Irradiation, in Reactor Chemktry Division Annual Progress Report, ORNL-3591, Oak Ridge
    National Laboratory, p. 27.
 9. The High Flux Isotope Reactor at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN 37831.
10. M. W. Kohring, Gamma Flux Measurements an Spent High Flux Isotope Reactor (HFIR) Fuel
    Assemblies,ORNYCF-86/256, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Aug., 1986.
11. J . L. Shepherd and Associates,“Co Irradiator, Model 109,740 Salem Street, Glendale, CA 91203.
12. P. N. Haubenreich, Fluorine Production and Recombination in Frozen MSR Salts after Reactor
    Operation, ORNVTM-3144, OakRidge National Laboratory, Sept., 1970.
